Update issue templates (#5)
project-origin/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/rfc-template.md

---
name: RFC Template
about: Fill in this template and you are on your way to submit an RFC to the Project-Origin
  working group.
title: "[RFC]000 - Issue title"
labels: rfc
assignees: ''

---

> ---

Reviewer: This looks sort of duplicated. Did you verify both metadata sections are required?

Reviewer 2: I believe these metadata are for [Issue templates](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/using-templates-to-encourage-useful-issues-and-pull-requests/configuring-issue-templates-for-your-repository) on github - that is why they are duplicated, consider them a markdown header :-)

name: RFC template
about: Fill in this template and you are on your way to submit an RFC to the Project Origin working group.
title: "[RFC]000 - Issue title"
labels: RFC
assignees: ''
---
# 000-Template

### Note: This template for creating RFCs has been adapted from the template used in the [Energy Track and Trace](https://github.com/Energy-Track-and-Trace) project.

> Learn more about [using RFCs in this project](missing link).

Reviewer: The original project had a pointer to this page I think.
```suggestion
Learn more about [using RFCs in this project](https://github.com/Energy-Track-and-Trace/ett-documentation/tree/main/rfcs).
```
Might not be perfect for us, but it's still a good page so I added it. Maybe we can adapt it for our needs?
Also introducing the way to use this for our local project will need some interactive work I think :)

Reviewer 2: @lenucksi you are absolutely right - some interactive work would be a welcome addition to the template and would ease adoption. 
In addition we might have to consider word templates, hence word is the modus operandi for most non-technical potential commiters.
